i
this time we will explain how
be able to remotely control the iphone
ipad or ipod touch on the computer a
via usb in this case windows
we need to have done jailbreak and three
programs the first one installs from
cydia so we have to enter
within cydia we look for a program that
it's called vinci
and I won and install it once I'm
installed
we have to download two programs that
is called
oh zumbox and ultra vnc bieber that you
I will leave the links in the forum and also
the climb to the forum section
downloads if they ever fail
official links once we have
We installed the program we go vinci
to the menu
we go into adjustments
in this section in the block of the
left we enter in vinci and we write
a four-digit password for
example we have to have enable the
program you can check or uncheck if
you want a cursor once this is done
we open iphone box
we wait for him to load
and on the left we select usb tunnel
this section
that we need vnc and we minimize them
we are not going to use it for the moment
in the background because the same
program that we are going to use so that
you see what you need it would be ultra vnc
view see here it loads automatically and
if we do not write it we write
this number
and press connect when connecting as
we have password asks us the
password we write it and press the
home
and we have it